check-manifest==0.37
cogapp==2.5.1
eventlet>=0.15.0                         # Required by detox
py>=1.4.27                               # Required by detox
tox>=3.5,<3.7                            # Required by detox
detox==0.19
mccabe<0.7.0,>=0.6.0                     # Required by flake8
pycodestyle>=2.4.0,<2.5.0                # Required by flake8
pyflakes<2.1.0,>=2.0.0                   # Required by flake8
setuptools>=30                           # Required by flake8
flake8==3.6.0
PyYaml==3.13                             # Required by nicfit.py
attrs==18.2.0                            # Required by nicfit.py
deprecation==2.0.6                       # Required by nicfit.py
nicfit.py[cookiecutter]==0.8.3
parcyl[requirements]==1.0a1
fancycompleter>=0.8                      # Required by pdbpp
pygments==2.3.1                          # Required by pdbpp
wmctrl==0.3                              # Required by pdbpp
pdbpp==0.9.3
Jinja2>=2.3                              # Required by Sphinx
Pygments>=2.0                            # Required by Sphinx
alabaster>=0.7,<0.8                      # Required by Sphinx
babel>=1.3,!=2.0                         # Required by Sphinx
docutils>=0.11                           # Required by Sphinx
imagesize==1.1.0                         # Required by Sphinx
packaging==18.0                          # Required by Sphinx
requests>=2.0.0                          # Required by Sphinx
setuptools==40.6.3                       # Required by Sphinx
six>=1.5                                 # Required by Sphinx
snowballstemmer>=1.1                     # Required by Sphinx
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.1.0          # Required by Sphinx
Sphinx==1.8.3
sphinx==1.8.3                            # Required by sphinx-issues
sphinx-issues==1.2.0
sphinx==1.8.3                            # Required by sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.4.2
hg+https://nicfit@bitbucket.org/nicfit/sphinxcontrib-bitbucket
Paver>=1.02.0                            # Required by sphinxcontrib-paverutils
Sphinx>=1.7.1                            # Required by sphinxcontrib-paverutils
