Faker>=0.7.0                             # Required by factory-boy
factory-boy==2.11.1
pbr>=0.11                                # Required by mock
six>=1.9                                 # Required by mock
mock==2.0.0 ; python_version < "3.4"
atomicwrites>=1.0                        # Required by pytest
attrs>=17.4.0                            # Required by pytest
more-itertools>=4.0.0                    # Required by pytest
pluggy>=0.7                              # Required by pytest
py>=1.5.0                                # Required by pytest
setuptools==40.6.3                       # Required by pytest
six>=1.10.0                              # Required by pytest
pytest==4.1.1
coverage>=4.4                            # Required by pytest-cov
pytest>=3.6                              # Required by pytest-cov
pytest-cov==2.6.1
pytest-runner==4.2
filelock<4,>=3.0.0                       # Required by tox
pluggy<1,>=0.3.0                         # Required by tox
py>=1.4.17,<2                            # Required by tox
setuptools>=30.0.0                       # Required by tox
six<2,>=1.0.0                            # Required by tox
toml>=0.9.4                              # Required by tox
virtualenv>=1.11.2                       # Required by tox
tox==3.7.0
